HTMLDIFF - illustrate the differences between the HTML5 specification 
           and HTML4 specification.
		   
HTML5
A. Document Structure
	1. DOCTYPE - first thing to be declared in an html document. Tells the browser the
	             version of the written html page.
	2. root element - the root element is the html element in the document.
	      head element - the element that contains the metadata and is placed between the html and body tags.
          metadata - means data about data. Examples of metadata tags include title, style, meta, link, base and script.
      
B. Document Components
    1. DOCTYPE - The declaration of an html5 doctype is simply <!DOCTYPE html>
		html 4.0.1 - has several doctype declarations called Data Type Definitions. There are three types of data type definitions, namely strict,
		transitional and frameset.
		html 4.0.1 strict - contains every html element and attribute but lacks presentational elements such as font. It doesn't allow the use of
                            framesets.
        html 4.0.1 transitional - contains every html element and attribute. Presentational elements are present in this definition but still 
                                  doesn't allow framesets.
        html 4.0.1 frameset - similar to transitional while also allowing the use of framesets.

    2. Elements - consists of a beginning tag and end tag between them is the content.
			a. Tags - keywords that tell a web browser how a page will format and display the content.
			b. Content
				b1. Content Models - describe the contents of an element.
									example: Document Object Model Tree - structures the elements of an markup language document as a tree.
                b2. Void elements - these are elements that require no end tag.

    3. custom data attributes - also known as data-* attribute. This allows to store custom data solely on a private page or application.
    
    4. WAI-ARIA - more known as the Accessible Rich Internet Applications Suite, provides a way for Web content to be more available to people with disabilities.
	            - tags particular components with their role.
    5. Scalable Vector Graphics - they define vector-based graphics. They retain a very high quality even when zoomed in.

Character entity references - A few examples in HTML are &, !, -, = and several others.
Comments - comments are added to an html document using this syntax; <!-- Write your comments here -->
HTML preprocessors - programs that take a data type then convert it to another. They notably take out the tedious task of having to 
                     repetitively do the same tasks in html. Some popular examples of html preprocessors include Jade, HAML and Pug.